docs/design/nomenclature.rst, before:

Visualizer Nomenclature
=======================

This document shall have precedence over ANY other document in referring to various elements of the visualizer.  If there is a name-conflict with this document, then it shall be fixed to be in accordance with this document or a motion to have this document amended shall occur. 

Gameplay Modes
--------------

.. glossary::

    Unit-Mode
        This has in the past also been referred to as unit-by-unit mode.  This mode appears in the visualizer as movement occurring from a single object at a time, in the order that commands were sent to the server.  This is useful for debugging unit logic based on the exact state of the game.

    Normal-Mode
        This has in the past also been referred to as turn-by-turn mode.  This mode appears in the visualizer as all objects in a turn moving simultaneously (intelligently or not).  This is useful for showing the flow of an AI on a turn-by-turn basis.

    Condensed-Mode
        This has in the past also been referred to as two-turn-mode.  This mode appears in the visualizer as all objects for two (or more) turns moving simultaneously, having the appearance of a real-time game. This is useful for entertainment purposes and showing the flow of a game to some extent.

    Liquid-Mode
        This mode is a theoretical mode that is a mixture of Unit-Mode and Normal-Mode.  Object movement is lagged to some extent based on when commands occurred, but there is still a fair amount of simultaneous moves occurring.  This mode may be useful for quick debugging by inspection, but still showing the overall flow of the game.

Misc
----

.. glossary::

    Interaction
        This word, when used in the context of the timeline, is reserved for an object animation's dependence on the specific state of another object at a particular point in time.  For example, an attack animation may require another unit be at a specific (x, y) coordinate, so the other object should be frozen at that position during the duration of the attack animation.

    Condense(r)
        This is a component of the timeline. The condenser will "condense" turns into a shorter period of time while trying to preserve, as much as possible, the time allocated for an animation.  It tries its best to make normal-mode accurate and fast.

    Tag
        An element of the timeline which specifies a "special" point on timeline.  A tag can be a turn number, break point, bookmark, etc.

Commit message:

Added blocker concept to nomenclature

docs/design/nomenclature.rst, after:

Visualizer Nomenclature
=======================

This document shall have precedence over ANY other document in referring to various elements of the visualizer.  If there is a name-conflict with this document, then it shall be fixed to be in accordance with this document or a motion to have this document amended shall occur. 

Gameplay Modes
--------------

.. glossary::

    Unit-Mode
        This has in the past also been referred to as unit-by-unit mode.  This mode appears in the visualizer as movement occurring from a single object at a time, in the order that commands were sent to the server.  This is useful for debugging unit logic based on the exact state of the game.

    Normal-Mode
        This has in the past also been referred to as turn-by-turn mode.  This mode appears in the visualizer as all objects in a turn moving simultaneously (intelligently or not).  This is useful for showing the flow of an AI on a turn-by-turn basis.

    Condensed-Mode
        This has in the past also been referred to as two-turn-mode.  This mode appears in the visualizer as all objects for two (or more) turns moving simultaneously, having the appearance of a real-time game. This is useful for entertainment purposes and showing the flow of a game to some extent.

    Liquid-Mode
        This mode is a theoretical mode that is a mixture of Unit-Mode and Normal-Mode.  Object movement is lagged to some extent based on when commands occurred, but there is still a fair amount of simultaneous moves occurring.  This mode may be useful for quick debugging by inspection, but still showing the overall flow of the game.

Timeline Nomenclature
---------------------

.. glossary::

    Interaction
        This word, when used in the context of the timeline, is reserved for an object animation's dependence on the specific state of another object at a particular point in time.  For example, an attack animation may require another unit be at a specific (x, y) coordinate, so the other object should be frozen at that position during the duration of the attack animation.

    Condense(r)
        This is a component of the timeline. The condenser will "condense" turns into a shorter period of time while trying to preserve, as much as possible, the time allocated for an animation.  It tries its best to make normal-mode accurate and fast.

    Tag
        An element of the timeline which specifies a "special" point on timeline.  A tag can be a turn number, break point, bookmark, etc.  

    Blocking
        An animation is considered 'blocking' on the timeline if, in unit-mode, by default, it will occur indepedent of all other animations.  An example of a non-blocking animation might be a unit spawn where the server may spawn N ships at once at the beginning of a turn.  There is no implied order to these animations (unless there is).
